README.md, before:

# Daily Reporter

It compiles email html (no sending yet) from various sources.

It *should be* easily extensible, relatively robust, and type-safe.

It will also only grab sources from the last 24 hours. You can currently only
edit this from the Haskell Utils.hs function.

TODOS:
* src/Lib.hs:-- TODO: Allow user config for sources.
* src/Lib.hs:-- TODO: Allow easier creation for new sources of standard RSS type.
* src/Lib.hs:-- -- |TODO allow user-defined file paths.
* src/Utils.hs:-- TODO: Replace with something better than * (mustache templating)
* src/Apod.hs:-- TODO: Look for a better way to fix `<p>`. Salvation.
* src/Weather.hs:-- TODO allow user-defined file paths.
* src/Smbc.hs:-- TODO make part of a SmbcConfig file.

Fix documentation spacing.

Compile with:

` $ stack build`

If you want to compile the documentation, use

` $ stack build --haddock --no-haddock-deps`

Created By:
Jackson Garner

Contributions from:
Joseph McKinsey

Based on a Ad-hoc Python Script by Joseph McKinsey

Commit message:

Add email capability with postfix.
Adds `Email.hs` to handle email logic. Uses mime-mail package. `package.yaml`
adjusted accordingly.

Create `configs/MailConfig` to handle simple configuration for mailing. It has a
default version that shouldn't send anything to a valid email.

Set `Main.hs` to use the emailing feature `mailReport`.

Adjust `Lib.hs` documentation and functions. `getEmailHtml` to `printEmailHtml`.

Update `README.md` with mailing capabilities.

In the future, I would suggest using something better than straight sendmail.
Ideally, some sort of service like Mailgun or just Amazon SES. Part of the
problem with the former is that you need a domain. With the latter, you must pay
money or host on a EC2.

README.md, after:

# Daily Reporter

It compiles email html (no sending yet) from various sources. Then, it sends it
with postfix sendmail (look elsewhere on how to configure this).

It *should be* easily extensible, relatively robust, and type-safe.

It will also only grab sources from the last 24 hours. You can currently only
edit this from the Haskell Utils.hs function.

TODOS:
* src/Lib.hs:-- TODO: Allow user config for sources.
* src/Lib.hs:-- TODO: Allow easier creation for new sources of standard RSS type.
* src/Lib.hs:-- -- |TODO allow user-defined file paths.
* src/Utils.hs:-- TODO: Replace with something better than * (mustache templating)
* src/Apod.hs:-- TODO: Look for a better way to fix `<p>`. Salvation.
* src/Weather.hs:-- TODO allow user-defined file paths.
* src/Smbc.hs:-- TODO make part of a SmbcConfig file.

Fix documentation spacing.

Compile with:

` $ stack build`

If you want to compile the documentation, use

` $ stack build --haddock --no-haddock-deps`

Created By:
Jackson Garner

Contributions from:
Joseph McKinsey

Based on a Ad-hoc Python Script by Joseph McKinsey
